---
layout: post
title:  "30 days"
date:   2021-02-08 22:00:00 -0400
categories: 
---

2020 was the year that a lot of people discovered that they really did not like their jobs all that much.  I am one of those people.  For me, the people that I work with are what kept me hanging on for so long.  I truly care about my teammates and their well-being.  Remote work, despite all its positives, just cannot replicate the social aspects of working in the office.  The seemingly mundane activities of stopping at a friends cubical before work or smalltalk in the breakroom really did add up to something much bigger than I had realized.  Without that bond, I'm facing a work day filled with nothing but...well... *work*.  And if you don't actually like your work, that's a pretty big problem!

I'm now challenged with preparing myself for the dreaded technical interview process.  I have been with my company now for just over seven years.  I haven't had a serious interview in that long and I am woefully out of practice with what it takes to succeed at said interviews.  My current title is 'Associate Architect', which at my company basically means 6-8 hours of meetings every day, 5 days a week.  I don't code anymore, I don't design systems, I don't *produce* anything.  I consult and I firefight and it is miserable work.  My workdays are bookended by taking care of my two lovely children and after 14 hours of kids and conference calls, I am utterly drained.  Where on earth am I going to find the energy to prepare myself adequately for interviews?

The only way I'll be able to do this is by spending the best hours of the day on myself - evenings are a no-go.  That means before the kids get up and before my marathon of meetings, I intend to get up earlier than humans are supposed to and code.  If I start this practice tomorrow, I should be able to get in 30 to 40 hours of dedicated prep time within a month and be ready to apply for jobs by mid-March.

I will use the evening hours to document my progress.  While I realize no one is reading this, the act of putting it out in public creates a sense of responsibility.  I've written it down; I'm committed now.