---
layout: post
title:  "day 5: practice project"
date:   2021-02-14 09:19:00 -0400
tags: mtg-deals quarkus
---

This weekend I am going to apply some of the things I've been practicing.  At the risk of exposing myself as a massive dork, I will share the details of that project here and post progress along the way.  My intent is not to create a tutorial, but to instead record a process of working through something I don't quite know how to solve at the moment.

So what is this nerd project you ask?  Confession time... I collect Magic cards.  Yes, yes, that card game we played in the 90's.  It's still around and I got back into it last year.  The problem that I have now is sourcing product at a decent price.  There are tons of online card stores and they all run daily deals.  Problem is the good deals get snatched up before I even see them.  Most of these stores don't have email subscriptions to deal alerts and even if they did they'd just get lost in the spam filter.  The solution that I intend to build is a web scraper that runs periodically on a predetermined list of sites that will look for things I might be interested in.  The application will then notify me by email if it finds anything.  Pretty simple, but lots of room for expansion.  I'll try to keep it basic at first and expand the feature set over time.

I'll be using [Quarkus](https://quarkus.io/) to build the app.  I realize that I don't actually need a framework to do this, I could just as easily write a java application and run it on a cron.  The reason I'm going with Quarkus is because I enjoy the framework and want to learn more about it and I intend to build out the feature set to eventually require a web interface and REST api backend.